[DOC] Add documentation of optional custom IDs for ML resources (#12929)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _ml-commons-plugin/api/model-group-apis/register-model-group.md

Field |Data type | Description 
:--- | :--- | :---
`name` | String | The model group name. Required.

> `model_group_id` | String | Optional. Unique identifier for the model group. If omitted, OpenSearch auto-generates one. **Introduced 3.9**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`model_group_id` | String | A unique identifier for the model group. Optional. If omitted, OpenSearch generates one automatically. 
```
